Fix: Update broken product download link [4.4.0] (#1962)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/install-and-setup/install/installing-mi.md

## Installing the Micro Integrator

> 1.  Go to the [WSO2 Micro Integrator releases page](https://github.com/wso2/micro-integrator/releases) and download the latest Micro Integrator distribution as a ZIP file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Go to the [WSO2 Micro Integrator Downloads page](https://wso2.com/micro-integrator/previous-releases) and download the latest Micro Integrator distribution as a ZIP file.
```
